

Question : 
The role of the School Liaison Police (SLP) is to ‘Increase the positive relationships and
remove barriers between the school community and police’. This will be achieved through
the implementation of programs and strategies to reduce the incidence of crime and antisocial behaviour amongst youth by developing programs and activities that involve students
understanding the law, police role and their responsibilities to the community. School Liaison
Police are here to work with you and your school community to address issues that may be of
particular interest to your school as well as general issues relating to the incidence of crime
that are taking place in the local and school community.
SLP is here to create, develop and strengthen relationships with the students in your school.
In many ways, the School Liaison Police will be the public face of the NSW Police in schools
within NSW. The SLP will deliver crime prevention workshops and other educational
programs in conjunction with the school to raise awareness and prevent crime. One of
its aims is to reduce the number of school-aged children from being victims of crime.



Answer: The main purpose of School Liaison police is to have a positive relationship and to abolish the hinder between them and the school community; moreover, this can be achieved by reducing the crime among the youth and by enhancing the relationship with students in the schools; In a nutshell, it can be concluded that SLP intention is to avoid school children's being victims of crime.




Question :
West German researchers have a Solution to cholesterol clogged blood vessels. It is garlic.
Old wives have for centuries claimed that garlic cures many ills from snake bites to a
toothache. Now, according to Professor Hans Reuter, of Cologne, there is proof that garlic
helps to clear the fat accumulating in the blood vessels of those who eat rich food, so
reducing the danger of heart attacks. Tests showed that volunteers fed on butter containing 50
grams of garlic oil had a cholesterol level considerably lower than that of a control group fed
on butter without garlic. In another experiment, patients ate three grams of raw garlic a day.
After four weeks their cholesterol level fell markedly. According to Professor Renter, garlic
not only drives out unwanted fats in the blood. Tests indicated that the herb also kills other
bacteria, among them those causing diphtheria and tuberculosis. Professor Reuter said garlic
was in some cases more effective than penicillin. To get the full benefit. you must use fresh
garlic. Garlic powder won’t work any medicinal miracles since the plant loses its healing
properties when processed

Answer : West German researchers found that garlic is the best solution for cholesterol, It is also used for snakes bites to a toothache; moreover, professor Hans Reuter has found that garlic can decrease heart attacks, kill bacteria, and for tuberculosis; In conclusion professor says that garlic won't take effect in case if its processed as powder as it loses its healing power.


Question : 

Identification of Medicinal Products (IDMP) is one the biggest regulatory challenges for all
pharmaceutical companies operating in Europe. Over the next few years, pharmaceutical
organisations will be mandated to electronically submit and maintain product information on
an ongoing basis. This new regulation is one the biggest regulatory challenges for
pharmaceutical companies in Europe and will drive organisations to make significant changes
to their current product-related processes and systems, ushering in a new era of crossfunctional collaboration.
IDMP will be a game-changer in terms of using process and technology integration to
improve patient safety. IDMP will provide companies with an opportunity to make product
data work more effectively from a business perspective via improvements in data quality and
usage.


Answer :  Identification of Medical Products (IDMP) is the main challenges for many European pharmaceutical companies, in future these will be implemented and submitted electronically by maintaining product information; moreover, this new changes will make effect on all the products and systems used by the European pharmaceutical companies; Therefore, IDMP will support organizations to make product more effectively from business perspective.
